Of course, Mr. Wesley.
You two are black-wisted permanently.
What?
Oh, no.
You're gonna regret this.
I am the Howard family heiress.
Right this way.
Let's get out of here.
Thanks for today.
Show you and the Wesley's.
Wesley's our clan man.
Of course, he knows everyone.
I've heard super rich people can be pretty kinky.
You want to speak tough, make money like that, huh?
Yeah, it is.
Are you pretending to be poor on purpose?
How long is she gonna keep this act up?
How could the Murphy family possibly be beneath the Howard's?
You got me.
I'm secretly a rich heiress pretending to be poor as a social experiment.
Do you believe it?
I do.
Oh Philip, you're so gullible.
Ellie, I...